when taking apart to clean the meat
slicer the first thing you have to ensure
is that the dial is to zero and the
blade is not showing then make sure
you disconnect it from the electrical source by
unplugging it now we want to remove the food tray
unscrewing
the bolt pulling that away
that removes the food tray
next we want to remove the plate
unscrewing the spindle
removing the plate
there is a guard that is
surrounding the blade for safety
one of the safety features of this model of vocal
slicer is once all of the mechanical parts are
removed you cannot open the actual dial so
that the blade is always safe and covered
once everything is clean and sanitized you
then want to put the slicer back together
you take the plate it's a small little
area you can hold that from, slide that in
make sure that is very very tight and that plate
is secured against the blade be careful when
handling the food tray as this can come down very
quickly make sure your hands are away from this
slide it back onto the nut and then tighten it
make sure it is fully tightened
so the food tray is secured